I put my hands together and pray
Why is fate so cruel?
My will to put on a brave face
is about to break
Everything I do seems to go wrong,
you know?
Oh, calm down,
I still have faith in you
Even if we're apart
Even if you forget about me someday
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
We don't need words
to understand each other
We're connected on a higher level
I'm sorry, fate,
but you're full of it
So let's laugh it off
by putting on a brave face
With you, I think we can alter fate
On lonely nights
when I feel like crying
I will pray for you
so that I won't leave you all alone
I will take the Soul King's place.
Is that even possible?!
I'll explain later.
That's...!
It's the one from...
Captain Ukitake?
Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
Open the power of your eye that
you placed inside of my organs.
Forsake my organs
and open your eye.
- Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
Kill the illness
eating away our child,
and devour his organs.
RUKON DISTRICT –
EAST 76 DISTRICT, "SAKAHONE"
Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
The divine hand from the heavens...
please bless us with your power...
Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
Kill the illness
eating away our child,
and devour his organs.
Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
The divine hand from the heavens...
please bless us with your power...
Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
Kill the illness
eating away our child,
and devour his organs.
- Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
- Jushiro!
The divine hand from the heavens...
please bless us with your power...
Mimihagi,
please save our child Jushiro!
Grant our three-year-old
the joy of living!
We beg of you!
Jushiro... I'm sorry
I didn't bear you healthy...
I'm so sorry...
Mother... Don't cry.
Jushiro!
Jushiro...!
On that stormy night,
Mimihagi saved my life...
Hello.
Watch where you're going, hag!
Well? Aren't you gonna apologize
for bumping into me?
My sleeve barely touched you...
Stop exaggerating.
What was that?
No, don't do it.
And who are you
supposed to be?
You taking this hag's side—?
Don't underestimate me
just because I'm old.
Are you okay?
I did try to warn you.
Ms. Oyone has quite the reputation
in these parts.
She's a fireball.
Oyone or whatever her name is...
Next time I see her,
I'll kick her ass.
If you're looking
to blow off steam,
then come and join me
at the Soul Reaper Academy.
What?
If you become a squad member,
then you'll get paid for fighting
and people will thank you for it.
It's killing two birds
with one stone.
Piss off!
I'm Jushiro Ukitake.
What's your name?
L-Let go of me!
You'll pay for that!
Okay! Looking forward to it.
See ya.
Don't overdo yourself, Ukitake...
Begin!
They have good form.
They're still green,
but they have potential.
That's enough.
Not bad, buddy.
No mercy even against
a sickly person, huh?
I'm Jushiro Ukitake.
Shunsui Kyoraku.
I know.
Thought so.
I could always feel you
staring at me during class.
Was it that obvious?
The truth is,
I have a huge favor to ask of you.
Huh?
So you were after
my monaka sweets, eh?
I've been asked to
introduce people to girls,
but never to a sweets shop.
You always looked happy
while eating it,
so it got me curious.
That's because the monaka sweets
here use sake lees.
Wait, it has alcohol in it?!
Is that a problem?
Yes, a big one!
- Big Brother!
- Big Brother.
Yes! You brought us monaka sweets!
No! That's not good for children.
- Look, you can't eat these...
- My bad.
I want to show you something.
Is that...
Mimihagi, the local deity of
East 76 Rukon District, Sakahone.
Mimihagi... so it really does exist.
You've heard of it?
There are rumors among
the upper noble clans.
They say that long ago,
a divine power of the Soul King
got detached and
fell from the heavens.
A divine power of the Soul King?
Doesn't make sense, right?
The Soul King is still
at the Royal Palace.
But seeing this Mimihagi,
I'm starting to think
those rumors were true.
Take a look at this figure.
The eye catches your attention,
but it's shaped more like a...
The body of the Soul King
is said to bring many blessings.
The left hand controls advancement.
The right hand...
Stillness, right?
Oh? So you know?
No, but I did have a feeling.
I managed to survive
thanks to Mimihagi,
but my illness hasn't gone away.
I bet you started believing
in those rumors
after you heard about me,
didn't you?
I poked my nose
where I shouldn't have...
I'm sorry.
But you're not going to tell me
to give up on joining
the 13 Court Guard Squads
because of that are you, Shunsui?
I won't let you die that easily,
Jushiro.
You do not wish to appoint
a new lieutenant?!
Correct.
No one can ever replace Kaien.
We understand you were born with
an incurable lung disease.
We've heard you even had an episode
while battling the Hollow.
Yes, you heard correctly.
That is all the more reason
you need a lieutenant.
We cannot comply with your request!
"The power to appoint
someone to lieutenant
lies with their squad captain."
That was a decision
made by your people.
If I cannot handle it alone,
then I will die a quick death.
After that, you can install
the captain of your choice.
I won't die so easily, though.
I heard the news.
Seems you gave Central 46 an earful
about not needing a lieutenant, eh?
If it were me,
I'd want at least two or more...
with the condition of
being cute girls, that is.
Ukitake... There comes a time
to put your life on the line.
This wasn't your time, that's all.
For now,
let's mourn for Kaien's death.
Unfortunately,
Nanao hid my sake, so...
Old Man Yama sure picked
one hell of a time to die on us.
I never knew giving out orders
as head captain felt this horrible.
If Old Man Yama were still alive,
I'd never have had to find out...
Under better circumstances,
I'd be sharing a drink with you...
Was there ever a time when drinking
helped ease your worries?
Sure there was.
Especially whenever
I got dumped by girls.
Then you won't be needing
any drinks this time around.
You have my full attention.
If you don't mind...
I'd like to be alone for a moment.
Farewell, Captain Ukitake.
We'll see each other soon.
Captain! We have an emergency!
The Seireitei is...!
Captain Ukitake!
- Captain Ukitake!
- Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
Open the power of your eye.
Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
Open the power of your eye
that you placed inside me
by forsaking my organs.
What is that thing?!
Captain Ukitake!
As you were!
The power of Mimihagi
was attached to my lungs.
The ritual that expands that power
to all the organs of my body
is called Kamikake.
Every organ in my body
now belongs to Mimihagi.
By giving all of my organs
to Mimihagi,
I become the embodiment
of Mimihagi.
I am now
the Soul King's right arm itself.
Are you saying...
you performed Kamikake
in anticipation of this moment?
That's right.
From the moment
I knew why I survived,
I've thought about this day.
Nothing would please me more...
than to sacrifice this life
I once lost for the Court Guards.
If you die,
what will become of Squad 13?
I'm sorry, Kuchiki.
Seems I'm always
making things hard for you.
Captain Ukitake...
Captain...
Captain!
There are two types of battles...!
You understand, don't you, Kuchiki?
Jushiro...
There are two types of battles.
A battle to protect life...
or a battle to defend honor.
Then my battle is to...!
All right, let's have a talk...
Sosuke Aizen.
SOSUKE AIZEN
Is there still a reason
for you to fight me?
The Soul King was created
to stabilize the Soul Society,
where great numbers of souls
pass through.
Now that it is gone,
the Soul Society,
the Precipice World,
Hueco Mundo,
and the World of the Living
will all cease to exist!
All by your hand, Ichigo!
I'll draw his attention.
Use your powers
to restore the Soul King.
Got it.
Let's go, Sado, Ganju!
Yeah!
Hey, over here!
Catch us if you can!
Seppa!
Brazo Izquierdo Del Diablo!
Raiohken!
Sotenkishun!
Did it work?
How foolish.
You thought a mere human
could bring the Soul King
back to life?
It cannot be done!
Regardless of what powers you use,
the Soul King can no longer
be resurrected.
The Soul King's power is fading...
Isn't there anything we can do?
- Captain Ukitake!
- Mr. Ukitake!
The tremor... has stopped!
The Soul King...
What is that thing?
So even Yhwach
didn't see that shadow coming?
Why didn't my eyes
foresee this future?
Captain...
How long will he last?
I doubt this would be enough
to make Ukitake a stand-in
for the Soul King.
This stability will probably
only last while Ukitake is alive.
How much time do we have?
- C-Captain—!
- It's the truth.
Isn't that right, Urahara?
I don't know.
This is the first time I've seen
or even heard of Kamikake.
I couldn't fathom a guess
how long he'll last.
What I do know is that we must
find a way to stabilize the world
while Mr. Ukitake is standing in
for the Soul King.
Tenshiheiso is ready, sir.
We can begin.
I really wish we could,
but we don't have enough
Spiritual Pressure.
You're not responding at all...
Are you against communicating
via Spiritual Pressure?
Or is this place making it
impossible even for you?
These keys
can break your seal.
I've been allowed to use
only three of them.
First, I'll undo the seal
to your mouth.
"MOUTH"
Now you should be able to
talk with your mouth,
not your Spiritual Pressure.
Ordinarily, it would be a challenge
to even talk
after having your mouth shut
for two years.
But knowing you,
I'm sure that's not the case.
You're right.
Impossible.
I only removed the seal
on his mouth.
What's the matter?
You still have two more keys
you can use, don't you?
"LEFT EYE" / "ANKLES"
That makes three.
How does it feel
to have your left eye
and both ankles freed?
I see.
It seems you haven't changed much.
Not sure if I should take that
as a compliment.
Do you want to leave here?
I don't recall
asking to be let out.
Would a man
who doesn't want to leave
tell me to use
the remaining two keys?
Would a man who doesn't
want to let me out
come here with a key
embedded in his body?
Well, well.
You saw right through me.
As you say, embedding the key
to this Muken Prison in my heart
was the condition
for me to come here
and remove
three of your restraints.
I see.
So if you're killed,
the gates to Muken
will be sealed for all eternity.
They figured I would
go as far as killing you
to get my hands on
that key to Muken.
How typical of those Central 46...
Now, now.
I'm sure it's all because
they care about the Soul Society.
Let's just leave it at that.
Now then,
let's get down to business.
Won't you sit on this and let us
carry you to the surface?
I bet you miss breathing
the air up in the Soul Society.
Pardon.
I need to restrain you
before you are seated.
Hey, what're you...
Such gross carelessness.
These restraints do not eliminate
my Spiritual Pressure.
They can only keep it near me.
I don't have to tell you
what will happen if you touch me.
Shunsui Kyoraku.
Even if I sat on that chair
and left this place,
do you really think I would help
for the sake of the Soul Society?
I'm not asking you to fight
for the sake of the Soul Society.
However...
I do believe
we share similar interests.
You are truly an amusing man.
Breathe the air, you ask?
Of the pathetic Soul Society
about to be crushed by Yhwach?
An ache upon
an unsatisfying grayscale
My confidence vanishes
I turned regret into lies
I ignored our chipped blades
I worked overtime
just for maintenance
But I knew all along
that this faded color
was an irreversible law
So I might as well pray
There's no turning back now
I thought I had made up my mind
but I'm still haunted by
doubt and anxiety
A bundle of emotions torn to shreds
with nothing left for me to gain
What's more important
than one's life
is to shoulder that burden
to sever this monochrome
I keep searching for the answer
to an unsolvable thesis
while making choices until I die
Then I remember where we came from
and the lives
that could never interact
No one is allowed to use the scale
since it falls apart in an instant
So, what can I measure
ourselves against?
Instead, I hold onto your words
that gave my heart meaning
It's always a paradox
The moon waxes
with each regret and sadness
The massive, unconquerable foe is
the darkness that dwells within me
I forsook my pride and joy
but I am still confounded
by this flock of imperfection
Beyond that white and resentful
midnight sun
awaits an illusion etched in black
"I draw my bow,
fingers on the star"
"against the moon
I thought I left behind."